hello everybody and welcome back to
another minecraft video today I have for
you a quick tutorial I'm going to be
showing you how to build the note block
door key which is a practical use of the
dud the data update detector and the
reason I sharing this we've used because
I think the note block has a great
texture for something to interact with
and open a door so when we right-click
on this all we're doing is creating a
redstone signal and then that's hooked
up to a TV little block which controls
our door right here
so around the back we have the dud which
is this bit over here then we have the T
flip-flop and our Jeb door over on this
side here so this was discovered by nice
Mark MC who has a really good video
explaining how the dud works and also
some of its many uses for example you
can use it to detect when a player
places or removes items from a chest and
also when they simply click in the empty
space as well you can get a redstone
signal from that using this dud now it
interacts with a lot more than just
chests and note blocks for example it
works at beacons dispensers droppers and
even signs if you want to know more
about this then go and check out this
video I'm going to give you a quick
explanation of how this works and then
show you how to build it so this chest
right here at the moment we can't open
it because it has a block above it and
the comparator shouldn't be able to get
a signal from that so it's falsely
powered at the moment and that means
when we update it it's going to realize
it shouldn't be powered and that creates
a redstone signal which also resets the
device as well so to build this you are
going to need six building blocks a
piece of redstone a sticky piston a
redstone comparator a chest and a note
block and we're going to start off by
placing down some blocks like this I'm
going to remove some of them as we go
and then we'll put a comparator on top
of this block facing in that direction
and over here a piece of redstone and in
front of that a sticky piston that needs
to face towards us then we're going to
put a block in front of the sticky
piston put a chest here and then put one
of our building blocks inside there and
that is going to activate the dud so now
what you can do is put your note block
here and then when you right-click on
that it activates and also you can have
a block there instead so have a block
here and the note block in front of it
and when you right-click this is still
going to work so that is it for this
tutorial I hope you've enjoyed it
and as always thank you very much for
watching and I will catch you next time